Dear Talia,

As you can see, I'm trying something different this year. 

But first, HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! 

If ya didn't know, you share a birthday with Machine Gun Kelly, Amber Heard, Jeffrey Dean Morgan (Denny Duquette from Grey's - Izzy's dead husband), Sam Altman (OpenAI CEO), and Vladimir Lenin. :) 

Anwways, back to you. I guess it's kind of hard writing this because I appreciate you in ways that are even beyond me. I mean, gotta rattle off the general stuff first. I love how well you know yourself. It makes me want to know myself that well too. I love our breadwinner-house wife dynamic. I try make your life as easy as possible because it makes me happy to see you have one less thing to worry about. I love our mom-daughter dynamic too. I think you're a stellar starting point for me to learn from and grow a bit as my own person. I really love the rare occasions where you do something dumb and I laugh hysterically at the absurdity of the situation. Like you somehow flinging your Apple pen across the room and just being unable to find it for the life of you.

Then there's the ways you consistently and constantly show up for people — for work, for your friends, your family, and for yourself. There's the unconditional side of it all; the love, the forgiveness, the acceptance, and the support. The space you hold for others. You really saved me at a time I needed you most, and I will never forget it. I don't just mean with housing, but having a home I feel safe in, not needing to be in constant flight mode, finally making progress in processing my last relationship, figuring myself out and what I really want and deserve, and so much more. 

I admire your structure and your drive, the way you do things with purpose and how you're crafting the life that you want. I admire your self-awareness and self-trust, and the way you live to the person you say you are. I admire how intelligent and intentional you are, how you speak with conviction, stay grounded, keep composure, and always hold yourself with confidence. I admire how you don't let people shake you, or let them see if they have, and the way you don't let others decide who you are. I admire your strength and steadiness, your ruthlessness and how you can be intimidating. I think it's one of your strengths how you don't weaponise your sharpness but take up the space you deserve. I admire how you handle life. 

You've been through a lot of hard in your life and there's a lot more hard later on too. But through it all you've really become one of the best people I know and I know that was never an easy feat. You don't give yourself enough credit sometimes, and you're also way too hard on yourself for no reason. You're already doing more than enough but you hold yourself to some invisible standard that was set a long time ago by people who couldn't hold what you were becomming. You deserve a lot in this life, and that includes being in that room with all those old work-experienced men, being in meetings with bosses and bossess of bosses, and also that really cute bag that is just so you. You deserve all the things you say you have no reason to get because you're constantly and will always be constantly busting your ass working and doing your best and dealing with all the pressures that usually only come to people further along in life than you are. 

You've always been a little ahead of your time, and honestly? You've already won the game most people don't even realise they're playing. You know who you are, you know what you want. You don't shift with the wind. You have your system and you choose what serves you and you stick to it. And that’s true for everything — your life, your goals, your peace. It’s all been thoughtfully and intentionally chosen, and that's more powerful than what people realise. 

And lately, one of my favourite parts of you is seeing the “cool, fun, and quirky” side bloom. It makes me happy every time. It's like you’re letting more light in. More softness. More joy. And it makes all the other parts of you shine even more.

You are the rarest kind of person: someone who’s already whole, but still growing. You make the people around you better, not by changing them, but by being so fully, powerfully yourself that they can’t help but grow, too.

I love our little routines and traditions; wine at food hallen, sweet treat adventures, friday night Rookie episodes. I love how easy it is to coexist with you. So all's that to say I'm here for you. I try see you, notice you, think of you. 

I hope you know how deeply, quietly, and fully loved you are. And I'm so excited to make more Amsterdam adventures with you :)

Love,
S

22 April 2025